once they made history i must see to it
that you die now they are
history so fast forward
james arrives i found them like james
comes with like a speaker on his
shoulder
you know sunglasses wife and like crop
top
and booty shorts and they kind of roll
in like they're bad
ass and i noticed you know they weren't
particularly
friendly or helpful not like really
offering to do dishes no way
no way or like on the night that randy
gave them
his room i didn't hear any thank you
i didn't hear like oh no you know like
you don't have to give us your room
no way it was just sort of like expected
the grim reaper dude how's it hanging
death but they're having one
hell of a time this is not what i
expected this place to look like at all
we got totally lied to by our album
covers man
taking in the sights not bad dude
we totally knew a guy got one of those
in his bucket of chickens
so i started playing the role that i was
hired to do because i
i still haven't talked to them about
what this project is about so i'm like
i'll just take a bunch of pictures
you know so we check into a hotel for
two nights
[Music]
making new friends jesus dude but is
there any way we can get back
you may challenge me to a contest j
seven you have sang my battleship
excellent best two out of three
it's like in the old town of panama
beautiful
and like i took a picture that nikki put
on her facebook page of them in their
bikinis i felt like the hired help
really because they weren't really
engaging in me with conversation but i
also like realized right away that
they're not my kind of people they're
not interested in talking to me
they're always on their phones no way
yes way we have
180 pounds of horse food we have
we have corn for the chickens we have
some stuff for crab food we got
cat food we got dog food we got seeds
for the birds
thank you the animals thank you we thank
you so there you go well guess what
dorothy told me later
that all that food wasn't from them no
way
the food had been picked up by a
drop-off point where people put bags of
food
dorothy had asked him to check it and
the person that gave the donation wrote
their name in a sharpie marker
and then randy didn't want dorothy to
see him unloading it
and so on camera he's like this is food
given from the aspies
no way half of it was given from another
donor and he flipped the bags upside
down so dorothy couldn't see the sharpie
marker on them
no way it's little shady manipulative
[ __ ] like this that tells you a lot
about the type of character somebody is
starts today village westward chinese
hollywood in the theater near you